{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 OpenSans;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 OpenSans-Semibold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red135\green135\blue135;\red54\green65\blue75;\red28\green33\blue38;
\red62\green136\blue215;\red100\green100\blue100;}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
I Demand Trial by Combat\
\pard\pardeftab720\qr

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Max. Score
\fs24 \cf0 \'a0
\b\fs28 \cf3 32
\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf4 After Joeffrey chocked to death, Cercei blamed Tyrian for his death. After seeing his love, Shae betrayed him, he demanded trial by combat. Now this combat is not with swords but with logic and problem solving. Tywin will ask Tyrian questions and he have to answer them correctly.\uc0\u8232 Tywin asks him this question:\u8232 There are n lannisters, out of which some are sitting and some are standing. After one hour, some of them will sit according to this rule:\u8232 
\f2\b Only those lannisters will sit who had both their neighbors sitting the previous hour
\f0\b0 . For more clarity refer to sample test case. Now, Tywin asks Tyrian to tell who all are standing and who all are sitting after m hours.\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b Note:
\f0\b0 \'a0For lannisters on corners there is only 1 neighbor.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 [
\f2\b Input
\f0\b0 ]\uc0\u8232 First line contains an integer t denoting no.of test cases.\u8232 Second line contains two integers n,m denoting number of lannisters and no.of hours respectively.\u8232 Third line contains n space separated integers either 0 or 1 depending on whether lannister is standing or sitting respectively\u8232 \u8232 [
\f2\b Output
\f0\b0 ]\uc0\u8232 For each test case output n space separated integers according to the ques. For more clarity see sample test case.\'a0\u8232 \u8232 [
\f2\b Constraints
\f0\b0 ]\uc0\u8232 1<=t<=1000\u8232 2<=n<=100\u8232 0<=m<=10000\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa130
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\fs28 \cf0 Sample Input\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://he-s3.s3.amazonaws.com/media/hackathon/anonymous-event/problems/i-demand-trial-by-combat/sample.in?Signature=9Z6iDqiS14ljhYH8bqqSx7IGYek%3D&Expires=1409676628&AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJLE6MUHDYS3HN6YQ"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf5 (Plaintext Link)}}
\fs26 \cf4 \
2\
3 4\
1 1 1\
6 2\
1 0 1 1 0 0\

\fs28 \cf0 Sample Output\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://he-s3.s3.amazonaws.com/media/hackathon/anonymous-event/problems/i-demand-trial-by-combat/sample.out?Signature=dU4tCnBb7684re63HgIOrtKupCw%3D&Expires=1409676628&AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJLE6MUHDYS3HN6YQ"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf5 (Plaintext Link)}}
\fs26 \cf4 \
1 1 1\'a0\
1 0 0 0 0 0\'a0\
\

\fs28 \cf0 Explanation
\fs26 \cf4 \
2nd test case:\'a0\
In the first hour the sitting and standing order will be : 0 1 0 0 0 0 because 1st and 6th lannister have no neighbour sitting in the previous hour so they will stand. 2nd lannister have both his neighbours sitting in the previous hour so he will sit. 3rd, 4th and 5th lannister have only one of their neighbour sitting, so they will stand.\
In the second hour the sitting and standing order will be: 1 0 0 0 0 0 because only 1st lannister have both his neighbour's sitting in the previous hour.\'a0\
Note: For 1st and last person assume only one neighbour.\

\fs28 \cf0 Time Limit\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\fs26 \cf0 10 sec(s)\'a0\cf6 (Time limit is for each input file.)\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf4 \

\fs28 \cf0 Memory Limit\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\fs26 \cf0 256 MB\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf4 \

\fs28 \cf0 Source Limit\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\fs26 \cf0 1024 KB\
}